# The setup of Bo’s Mac

## Private apps

### BetterSnapTool
This is a software help you manage your windows. You can type __Ctrl+Command+M__ to make the window full of screen, and __Ctrl+Command+<arrow key, ⬆️, for example>__ to make the window take half of the screen with the arrow key direction.

### SQLPRO Studio
This is a SQL manage software. You can easily manage or connect your databases online or offline with this tool. Of course query command is supported.

### Alfred
This is a software to substitute Spotlight. You can type __Command+Space__ to awake this tool. 

You can type the name or pinyin of a software to start it.

You can type `find <filename>` to find a file in your computer.

You can type `open <filename>` to open a file in your computer.

You can type `quit <app name>` to quit an app.

You can type `quitallapps` to quit all apps running.

You can type `eject <disk name>` to eject to a specific disk.

You can type `ejectall` to eject all disks.

You can type `lock` to lock your mac.

You can type `d <word>` to look up an English word by Youdao.

You can type `kill <process name>` to kill a process.

You can type `> <Terminal command>` to execute the command you typed in terminal.

### PDF Expert
Maybe the best pdf reader in mac.

## Official apps

### CleanMyMac
This is a tool to clean your mac, which is safe and tidy. You can also use this to uninstall a software totally. 

This app will expire in 30 days, you can purchase it for further usage.

### DropBox

### QQ 

### iTerm2
Improved terminal, I also installed zsh on this, while the Terminal.app still remains bash just in case.
Through zsh, you can simplify many git commands like you can type __ga__ for __git add__, __gp__ for __git push__.

 
### Go2Shell
Through this tool, you can click the smiling face on the toolbar of Finder to open terminal/iTerm(iTerm has been set up default) automatically in which folder.

### Aria2GUI
This tool is used to break the speed limit of Baidu cloud disk. If you want to download anything from Baidu cloud disk, just open Aria2GUI, then open the website through chrome and click the button named “导出到Aria2”.

### Skim
This is an open source pdf reader, but not very much good-using. But this tool can be used to view the pdf generated by sublime, which I will introduce you later.

### Caffine
This is an app to prevent your mac to go to sleep for a time. You can click the caffe cup on top bar to fullfill it with caffe, then your  computer will not be in sleep in an hour. You can edit the duration by edit the preference.

# Other setups
## Sublime
#### package controller
The package controller have been added to it. You can click __Command+Shift+P__ and type __pi__ to install a package and __prp__ to remove a package.

#### LatexTool
This tool is help you to build latex in sublime.
Notice that in the first line of your latex file, you have to type

```latex
#!TEX program = xelatex
```

to specify the version of latex you will use to compile your latex file.

And this tool will display your math formula immediately you typed it.

You can type __Command + B__ to compile your file, which will be opened by Skim, the app mentioned above.

In Skim, you can hold __Command + Shift__ and click the text, which will direct you to the position of that text in source file.

## Commandline Tools
#### wget
#### python3
 __Jupyter__ is installed in case you need to use __ipython__ or __jupyter notebook__

__conda__ is installed, which you may used to manage your python packages.
#### cmake

# Things you maybe need to notice:
- WeChat is not installed yet.
- Xcode is not installed yet.
- Dropbox is not logged in yet.
- MS Office need to be activated.
- You may want to purchase the offical version of all private apps.
- You will press __Ctrl + Space__ to change the input source.
- You will press __Command + Space__ to awake Alfred.
- You may want to check [Alfred toturial](https://lifehacker.com/a-beginners-guide-to-mouseless-computing-with-alfred-1596198655)
- You may want to check [Sublime toturial](http://www.hongkiat.com/blog/sublime-text-tips/)
